Dying.
Will it hurt a lot?
Isn't living
painful enough?
But back then,
why did we hesitate?
I didn't hesitate.
I'm already ruined.
This world no longer has any meaning to me.
Meaning
isn't in our rotting flesh.
It lies in
a girl who wanted to live more than us,
but died a much more tragic death.
Guan...
Guannan.
Our pain
is like a blunt knife cutting flesh.
Her pain
was being crushed to dust alive.
Even her right to feel pain
was laughed at by those animals
and trampled into the mud.
If it weren't for those animals,
we could still be like before,
rehearsing plays together,
crying together,
and laughing together.
But now,
she has been so easily forgotten.
Because in their lives,
she meant absolutely nothing.
Guan Jing died,
and there's me.
If I die, there are countless other girls
for them to amuse themselves,
play with,
and brutally murder.
Then let's use our rotten flesh,
dipped in Guan Jing's blood,
to light a fire that burns through hell.
Let those animals taste
what it's like to be crushed to dust.
Sun Xun,
evacuate the crowd immediately.
Everyone, stay away from me.
Go catch Zhou Guannan.
He just ran off,
no more than five minutes ago.
Call the bomb squad.
Everyone else,
evacuate.
Go.
Suspect Zhou Guannan
left Number 6 Sanhe Street about five minutes ago.
Pursue along the streets immediately
and set up checkpoints.
Also note that
the suspect is good at disguises.
All units, pay attention
and screen carefully.
Hello, comrade.
Routine check. Please show your ID.
Don't come over.
Leave quickly.
Go.
Shut up.
It's useless, Sun Xun.
Don't waste your time on me.
It's no use. You leave quickly.
Leave me alone.
Leave quickly.
Are you the captain or am I?
Why should I listen to you?
Leave quickly.
Stop arguing.
I can definitely defuse it.
Don't forget,
I took first place in bomb disposal class
every single year.
Sun Xun.
Hurry up and leave.
I don't want to get anyone else killed.
You won't. Trust me.
I don't want to get anyone...
No.
You won't.
I won't be like you,
living the rest of my life in regret.
Regretting that I wasn't the one killed by the bomb.
We both need to survive.
I've been a cop for so many years.
I've long forgotten what giving up means.
The case isn't solved yet,
and the killer hasn't been caught.
The two of us,
we have to keep going.
There's no time.
Sun Xun.
Get out of here.
Hurry up and go.
There's no time.
Go.
Let me just ask you one thing.
Do you trust me?
Come on.
Let's go.
Hurry up.
Come on, keep up in the back.
Come on, let's go.
Why aren't Captain Sun and Yan out yet?
Do you think they can defuse the bomb inside?
I don't know.
But Captain Sun specifically ordered
to have all the civilians
completely evacuated.
He was afraid of involving others.
Let's go check again.
Go.
Don't hesitate.
Cut it.
Don't hesitate, cut it now.
Yan.
Master.
Let it go completely.
You can't live in the past forever.
Move.
Zhou Guannan
doesn't really want me dead.
This kid
still has a conscience.
He's buying time to escape.
Where would he escape to?
Yan,
Captain Sun.
What did you find?
We found clothes that might be the suspect's.
He's already changed his clothes.
Step up the investigation.
Conduct a carpet search of the vicinity.
Captain Sun.
The traffic police
tracked through road surveillance
and found Zhou Guannan's last traces.
He headed towards the sunflower field.
Call an ambulance.
Did he really commit suicide?
No footprints of a second person
were found at the scene.
Traces can be covered up.
If he really wanted to die,
why did he tie a fake bomb
on me
to buy time to escape?
And that pot of flowers.
When we finally found it,
where was that pot of flowers?
That pot of flowers must be very important to him.
He wouldn't just throw it away.
That pot of flowers,
what does it represent?
There's still something missing.
Behind Zhou Guannan,
there hides a shadow.
The surveillance footage shows
at this intersection,
he was holding that potted daisy.
But at the next intersection,
it was gone.
Where is the flower?
He must have stopped
along this road.
Let's go take a look.
This pot of flowers
looks very similar to Zhou Guannan's.
Officers,
why don't you come inside?
Ah.
What brings you here?
We were just passing by.
Since you're back,
can I ask,
what kind of flower
is this?
Oh.
It's just an ordinary daisy.
You can find it in many flower shops.
Why?
If you like it,
I can give you two pots.
It's nothing.
They are quite pretty.
Just got back?
Oh, right.
My fiancé took me to pick out wedding rings.
He only likes Sophia's limited editions.
He insisted on taking me to see them.
That Lu Wei,
he ran over and killed someone a while ago.
After that person died,
he gave Shuping a diamond ring.
It was quite big.
He's just a truck driver.
How could he afford that?
He must have done something bad.
Ah, okay.
We won't hold you up.
We'll be going now.
Xiaohan,
the diamond ring found at Pan Shuping's place,
and the one I sent you yesterday,
the diamond ring on Qiao Sisi's hand,
did you look into them?
I checked.
They are both limited editions released by Sophia this year.
Because they are quite expensive,
very few people bought them.
However, this diamond ring,
in the Jiangzhou area this year,
only one was sold.
Why do both Pan Shuping and Qiao Sisi have it?
Jiang-E 59888.
This is my fiancé.
He insisted on taking me to see
Sophia's limited edition wedding ring.
So the diamond ring Wang Qiang mentioned
is actually Qiao Sisi's.
It was Lu Wei
who pulled it off Qiao Sisi's severed hand.
To be exact,
the diamond ring was given to Li Ting by Wang Zhiwei.
While searching Zhou Guannan's house last night,
I saw in his murder video
that Qiao Sisi was wearing
a diamond ring.
But we didn't find that diamond ring at the time.
Now, combined with Wang Qiang's testimony, we can be sure.
Lu Wei is not a coward.
After accidentally running over the body,
he took advantage of the situation,
took the diamond ring,
and gave it to Pan Shuping.
The diamond ring is a limited edition,
and it was a gift from her fiancé.
So Li Ting wouldn't give it to Qiao Sisi easily.
Do you remember?
We once found out that
before the incident,
every month, Qiao Sisi's bank account
would receive an overseas
remittance.
Overseas.
Given Qiao Sisi's social circle, how could she have overseas contacts?
Did you check it?
We have sent a request to our partner units for a joint investigation.
But since it involves overseas elements,
it's quite complicated.
So we might not get results in the short term.
This morning I received the joint investigation results from our sister department.
It shows that the overseas account
was opened by Wang Zhiwei
for Li Ting.
So,
it was actually Qiao Sisi
who was blackmailing Li Ting.
Whether it's blackmail or not,
Li Ting is probably
the key to
this case.